Welcome back. We are finally ready to test our code using
the Remix Editor for a LemonadeStand supply chain smart contract.
From the Compile tab,
make sure you have Auto compile selected.
Right there. So, that's Auto compile.
Make sure your contract is compile,
and then you're going to run on to the next tab which is the Run tab,
and you're going to make sure that the environment is selected to JavaScript VM.
That's the inbuilt ethereum local network that comes along,
that's called the JavaScript VM.
So, you're going to select this one and then
finally you're going to click on Deploy, right there.
So, when you click on Deploy if this worked fine,
you should see LemonadeStand show up as
a deployed contract and click on the down arrow to see what functions are available.
So, we have three functions here: addItem, buyItem, and fetchItem.
So, I'm going to start with the very first one, let's add an item.
So, let's say I want to add an item,
just pick one, I'm going to add a phone.
I'm going to give it a price of 100.
Fantastic. So, let's go add an item.
Now if everything went fine,
now one thing I wanted to mention is accepting adjacent representation,
that's a reason every time you give
strings in remakes you're supposed to put them in codes.
So, I put my information phone in
code comma and then the second argument which is the price.
So, I'm creating an addItem.
Remember addItem accepting two arguments, right there.
So, I passed on my two arguments.
Now, you can always see the details of this contracts.
You're going to go look at this details,
you will see that this was added and so you've got a skuCount of one.
It also had all the information came along, fantastic.
So and now moving on,
so we've already added our item.
So now, we can actually go and fetch our item. So, let's go.
So, the remember this skuCount starts with one.
So, I'm going to go fetch my item one.
So, let's enter one right there and let's go fetchItem.
So, once you fetch an item,
scrolling, right over there.
You'll see you got your string name phone,
sku is one, prices set, the sale,
the address of the seller is this address which is coming from this address,
and the buyer is initially set to zero because we don't have a buyer yet.
Fantastic. So, we are now set.
We have actually added one item.
We have fetched the items.
We can do all these things, fantastic.
Now, let's add on and see if you can buy an item.
So, what I'm going to do is,
I'm actually going to supply,
let's say you want to sku numbers,
I'm going to say I want to buy item one.
Also, I'm going to go select a different address.
So, let's go select an address the second one from the top.
So, we're buying from this special address and then I'm going to go click on buyItem.
If everything went fine,
you're going to look on the terminal window and in fact, I wanted to show you this.
Remember this is a payable function?
Since I did not send any value, it's going to throw an error.
So, I need to send at least a 100 wei.
So now, let's go click on the buyItem function again.
Now, it goes through.
So, payable functions expecting in value.
So, remember this modifier that says, "Paid enough?"
It's going to revert back saying,
"I send zero, it's expecting at least 100."
So that's the reason we got an error right there.
So, that was revert.
So, I wanted to show you that.
So now, since I sent a 100 wei and it's expecting at least 100 wei went through.
So now, we've bought the item.
Now, let's go fetch the item again one and see what it comes.
So, let's look at this window right there and you will see all the information.
So, you will see the fetched item phone,
sku, now, the seller is of course this much.
Now, remember when initially fetched the item before we bought it?
It was zero address,
now it's set to this address from the top.
So, fantastic.
So, everything is working in our values over here.
We've been able to fetch items,
we can buy items, and great.
So, now that's it. Everything is working.
So, finally successfully coded up
your first supply chain smart contract, congratulations.
Coming up, I'm going to give you some tasks to
add more functionality to this smart contract.